Verbum: Update README syncing steps and issue board (#35318)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/packages/jetpack-mu-wpcom/src/features/verbum-comments/README.md

* `pnpm build-production-js` - Build Verbum production code.
* `pnpm lint` - Check for lint issues in the code.
* `pnpm run watch` - Watch file changes

> * `jetpack rsync mu-wpcom-plugin` - Sync local files to development environment. This command tool will ask you for the remote destination after your input it in the command line. Ensure the remote path is correct depending on the environment you're targetting. If you're targetting your sandbox, the remote destination should look like this: `USERNAME@HOSTNAME:~/public_html/wp-content/mu-plugins/jetpack-plugin/production`. You will also need to add `define( 'JETPACK_AUTOLOAD_DEV', true );` to mu-plugins/0-sandbox.php. More details for Simple site testing: [https://fieldguide.automattic.com/developing-jetpack/jetpack-mu-wpcom/#simple-testing]. If you're targetting your WoA site, the remote destination should look like this: `mywoadevsite.wordpress.com@sftp.wp.com:htdocs/wp-content/plugins/jetpack-mu-wpcom-plugin-dev`. More details for WoA testing: [https://fieldguide.automattic.com/developing-jetpack/jetpack-mu-wpcom/#woa]. 

Reviewer: Could you remove all the links to private resources (fieldguide) from this readme, and replace them with shorthand, as explained here:
PCYsg-5Xx-p2

Author: Yes, I'll update the README to use the shorthand links.

> In most cases you will only need to sync the code to your sandbox, since Verbum is loaded through and on a simple site in all scenarios. There may be a case where you want to confirm that your PHP changes are not negatively affecting WoA sites (although Verbum will only load on Simple Sites, it doesn't hurt to be safe with PHP specifc code ). In this case, you will want to sync the code directly to your WoA using the steps above. 

Reviewer 2: `In most cases you will only need to sync the code to your sandbox, since Verbum is loaded through and on a simple site in all scenarios. ` maybe is missing something? 🤔

Reminder:

On Simple Sites: Sync the Verbum code changes to your sandbox and sandbox the site your testing.
On Atomic Sites: Sync the Verbum code changes to your sandbox and sandbox `jetpack.wordpress.com`.

### After Merge - Deploy process

1. Create a Jetpack PR, review it, and merge.
2. To initiate a Simple Site deployment, follow these instructions: [https://fieldguide.automattic.com/developing-jetpack/jetpack-mu-wpcom/#simple-deployment]. The Jetpack release team (#jetpack-release) will also do a daily deployment for any merged changes, if you do not initiate a manual deployment.
3. To initate a WoA deployment, follow these instructions: [https://fieldguide.automattic.com/developing-jetpack/jetpack-mu-wpcom/#woa-deployment]. A new version of `jetpack-mu-wpcom` will be released weekly, if you do not initiate a manual deployment.

### Where to track new Verbum Issues

> If you stumble upon any issues or have any suggestions for possible changes to Verbum, you can find the relevant project board here: https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/projects/45.

Reviewer: I think an organization-wide board would work better here (see my comment here: https://github.com/Automattic/jetpack/issues/35314#issuecomment-1916315650)

```suggestion
If you stumble upon any issues or have any suggestions for possible changes to Verbum, you can find the relevant project board here: https://github.com/orgs/Automattic/projects/908/views/1
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you @jeherve, I initially created one in Automattic then wrongly switched to this one 👍
